Wishlist error message (#8362)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.4/graphql/mutations/add-products-to-wishlist.md

### WishListUserInputError attributes {#WishListUserInputError}

{% include graphql/wishlist-user-input-errors.md %}

## Errors

Error | Description
--- | ---

> `The current user cannot perform operations on wishlist` | An unauthorized user (guest) tried to add a item to wishlist, or an authorized user (customer) tried to add a item to wishlist of another customer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`The current user cannot perform operations on wishlist` | An unauthorized user (guest) tried to add an item to a wishlist, or an authorized user (customer) tried to add an item to a wishlist belonging to another customer.
```

> `The wishlist was not found.` | Provided field `wishlistId` is invalid or not exists for the customer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`The wishlist was not found.` | Provided field `wishlistId` is invalid or does not exist for the customer.
```
